The Bachelor of Science in Accountancy (BSA) program is a five-year program focused on subjects in financial, public, and managerial accounting, auditing, administration, business 164:Teaching & Academics:Laws, and taxation. The program also teaches students to integrate information technology concepts into business systems, to create a more systematic and organized way of storing business-related data. Aside from business topics, BSA also equips students with a basic understanding of computer programming and auditing systems.

The Bachelor of Science in Business Administration is a four-year program that focuses on managing businesses and their overall operations. The program involves critical decision-making skills in order to successfully strategize business operations. It teaches students a basic and clear understanding of the functions of every division in a company, be it in marketing, finance, operations, human resources, and office management.

The Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering (BS CE) program is a five-year program designed to teach students the basic principles of science and mathematical tools used in engineering. The program covers the five essential fields of civil engineering: structural engineering, transportation engineering, water resources engineering, Geo-technical engineering and construction engineering and management. It also aims to provide students with technical skills and knowledge in planning, design, construction, supervision, and maintenance of civil engineering works; this includes road, school, mall, human settlement, energy development, and agricultural infrastructures.

The Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering is a five-year degree program that focuses on conceptualizing, developing, and designing a safe, economical, and ethical utilization of electrical energy. The program also trains students to effectively develop and test real-life applications of electrical circuitry, digital systems, electrical equipment, and machinery control.

The Bachelor of Science in Information Technology (BS IT) is a four-year degree program that equips students with the basic ability to conceptualize, design and implement software applications. It prepares students to be IT professionals who are able to perform installation, operation, development, maintenance, and administration of computer applications. The goal of the program is to produce information technologists who can assist individuals and organizations in solving problems using information technology techniques and processes.

The Bachelor of Science in Psychology (BS Psych) is a four-year program designed to help you observe human behavior through the scientific method, allowing you to gain access to the human psyche and fathom its depths. You will gain the knowledge, tools, and skills needed to assess and conduct empirical research regarding individual and group behavior through the lens of various psychological theories and concepts. The BS in Psychology degree prepares you for general careers in teaching, research, counseling and human resources. It can also be a foundation for further studies in the fields of Medicine, Guidance and Counseling, Human Resource Development and 164:Teaching & Academics:Law.

The Bachelor of Science in Public Administration (BSPA) is a four-year degree program designed to provide students with theoretical knowledge and practical skills in public sector management, policy development, and labor relations. It equips students with the fundamentals of good governance and policy analysis. The BSPA program also centers on teaching topics like human capital management, fiscal administration, government budgeting, and accounting, and program development. Its aim is to show students how to plan, implement and monitor human, material and resource management for government and civil society organizations.

The Bachelor of Science in Social Work is a four-year degree program designed to provide students with the knowledge and skills in social work practice, social welfare policies, and human welfare. It helps students understand the different units of society, such as families and communities, the problems and issues that surround them and the possible solutions that can empower and improve their way of living. The program aims to educate students on how to deal with different groups or individuals, including people who have disabilities, mental illnesses, criminal backgrounds, and addictions.

The Bachelor of Elementary Education (BEED) is a four-year degree program designed to prepare students to become primary school teachers. The program combines both theory and practice in order to teach students the necessary knowledge and skills a primary school teacher needs. The program aims to produce competent teachers specializing in the pedagogical approach of education.

Bachelor of Secondary Education (BSED) is a four year degree program designed to prepare students for becoming high school teachers. The program combines both theory and practice in order to teach students the necessary knowledge and skills a high school teacher needs. The program aims to produce competent teachers who provide a conducive learning experience to their students.

